Kedro: Minor enhancements to documentation (#13)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/06_resources/01_faq.md

[Kedro](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro) is a workflow development tool that helps you build data pipelines that are robust, scaleable, deployable, reproducible and versioned. It was originally designed by [Aris Valtazanos](https://github.com/arisvqb) and [Nikolaos Tsaousis](https://github.com/tsanikgr) at [QuantumBlack](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/) to solve the challenges they faced in their project work.

## What are the primary advantages of Kedro?

It is important to consider the primary advantages of Kedro over existing tools. 

As we see it, Kedro emphasises a seamless transition from development to production without slowing the pace of the experimentation stage, because it:

- **Simplifies data access,** using YAML configuration to define a single-source of truth for all data sources that your workflow requires 

> - **Uses a familiar data interface,** by borrowing arguments from Pandas and Spark APIs meaning you don't have to learn a new API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Uses a familiar data interface,** by borrowing arguments from Pandas and Spark APIs meaning you do not have to learn a new API
```

- **Has a minimal pipeline syntax,** that uses Python functions 

> - **Makes datasets 1st-level citizens,**  resolving task running order according to what each task produces and consumes, meaning you don't need to explicitly define dependencies between tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Makes datasets 1st-level citizens,**  resolving task running order according to what each task produces and consumes, meaning you do not need to explicitly define dependencies between tasks
```

 - **Automatic dependency resolution for pipelines**. The `Pipeline` module also maps out dependencies between nodes and displays the results of this in a sophisticated but easy to understand directed acyclic graph.
 - Extensibility

> ## How is Kedro similar to other projects?

Reviewer 2: The two reasons below are reasons why you would use Kedro. So the pipeline is minimal and you don't have to learn new things to use the Data Catalog.

Author: Agreed, but I thought it worth calling out these points as similarities because it makes the same point, but also reassures. 

I'll reinforce the points you mention, without marketing hype, so killing two birds...

> * Kedro's pipeline syntax is absolutely minimal (even supporting lambdas for simple transitions), and is inspired by the [Clojure library core.graph](https://github.com/plumatic/plumbing)

Reviewer: Do you have a reference regarding Kedro being inspired by `Clojure library core.graph`?

* By default any file inside the `conf/` folder (and its subfolders) containing `credentials` in its name will be ignored via `.gitignore` and not commited to your git repository.
* To describe where your colleagues can access the credentials, you may edit the `README.md` to provide instructions.

> ## What is the philosphy behind Kedro?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the philosophy behind Kedro?
```
